# ohmyprompt_extension

A browser extension to help you have LLMs summarize content

## Description

OhMyPrompt Extension is a browser extension for firefox and chromium based browsers that utilizes the power of Language Models (LLMs) like (ChatGPT, Claude, Gemini and etc.) to summarize content from YouTube videos, Twitter tweets, and webpages. With this extension, users can quickly get concise summaries of lengthy content, making it easier to grasp the main points without spending excessive time on each piece of content.

## Features

**YouTube Video Summarization:** The extension allows users to summarize YouTube videos, enabling them to get a quick overview of the video's main points and save time.

**Twitter Tweet Summarization:** Users can summarize tweets from Twitter, which is especially beneficial when trying to understand the essence of a lengthy thread or series of tweets.

**Webpage Content Summarization:** The extension also provides the ability to summarize the content of webpages, allowing users to extract key information from articles, blog posts, and other text-based content.

## How It Works

The extension consists of multiple data extraction panels, each tailored to specific sources such as YouTube videos, Twitter tweet lists, threads, and webpage textual content. Users can utilize these panels to extract textual data from the selected sources. Once the data is extracted, the extension opens the corresponding Language Model (LLM) webpage and inserts the extracted data as input into the LLM web application. The extension then submits the data for processing by the LLM. After processing the content, the LLM webpage displays concise summaries to the user. These summaries are generated by the LLMs, focusing on the most relevant and significant information extracted from the provided data.

## Installation

To install the extension from the source code, please follow these steps:

### Building:

1. Ensure that you have the necessary dependencies installed. You must have Node.js and npm (Node Package Manager) installed on your system.
2. Clone the extension repository into your system. You can do this by either downloading the source code as a zip file or using Git to clone the repository.
3. Open a terminal or command prompt and navigate to the directory where you have cloned the extension repository.
4. To install all the tools and libraries required by the extension's source code, Run the following command in the terminal:

```
npm install
```

5. After the installation is complete, to create the necessary bundled files for the extension, execute the following command to generate the bundled JavaScript code required by the manifest.json file:

```
npm run build
```

After the build process is complete, you need to add the extension to your browser:

### Chrome:

1. Once the build process is finished, the extension is ready to be loaded in Chrome. To do that open your Chrome browser To load the extension from source code
2. Open Google Chrome and type "chrome://extensions" in the address bar. Press Enter to go to the Extensions page.
3. Enable the "Developer mode" option located in the top right corner of the Extensions page. This allows you to load extensions from source code.
4. Click on the "Load unpacked" button, which appears after enabling Developer mode. A file browser window will open.
5. Navigate to the directory where the extension's source code is located on your computer, and select the `dist/chrome` directory in it.
6. Click the "Select Folder" button to load the extension.

Chrome will then load the extension from the source code and add it to the Extensions page. You should see the newly added extension listed among your installed extensions.

### Firefox:

1. Install web-ext globally by running the following command:

```
npm install --global web-ext
```

2. Create a Mozilla Developer Account and obtain a JWT issuer and secret token from the Mozilla Add-ons API key page.
3. Navigate to the `dist/firefox` directory.
4. Run the following command to sign the extension:

```
web-ext sign --api-key="JWT issuer" --api-secret="JWT secret"
```

This will create a web-ext-artifacts folder containing the signed XPI file.

5. Open the Firefox browser and click on the Open menu (three horizontal lines) in the top right corner.
6. Click on Add-ons from the drop-down menu.
7. Click on the Gear icon in the top right corner of the Add-ons page.
8. Select Install Add-on From File from the drop-down menu.
9. Select the generated XPI file and click Open.
10. Click Install Now to begin the installation process.

Note: Make sure to replace "JWT issuer" and "JWT secret" with your actual token values from the Mozilla Add-ons API key page.

## Usage

### YouTube

To summarize a YouTube video using the extension:

1. Visit YouTube and open the desired video.
2. Allow the video page to fully load.
3. Click on the extension icon in your browser toolbar to open the popup.
4. A popup panel tailored for YouTube videos will appear.
5. In the "Summary options:" section, click on the "Video Transcript" button.
6. A new tab will open with the chosen Language Model (LLM), and the textual content of the video will be processed to provide you with a summary.

### Twitter

For twitter summaries there are two ways:

**Twitter Timeline and Lists:**

1. Navigate to the Twitter website.
2. Access either the Twitter timeline or a specific list.
3. Click the extension icon in your browser toolbar to open the popup.
4. A dedicated popup for Twitter will appear.
5. Specify the number of tweets you want to fetch and summarize by entering a value in the text box.
6. Click the "Tweet List" button and allow the extension to scroll through Twitter, collecting tweets.
7. A new tab will open with the chosen Language Model (LLM), processing the textual content to provide you with a summary.

**Twitter Threads:**

1. Visit the Twitter website.
2. Open a Twitter thread by clicking on a tweet.
3. Click the extension icon in your browser toolbar to open the popup.
4. A specific popup for Twitter threads will be displayed.
5. Click the "Current Thread" button, and the extension will gather all tweets in that thread.
6. After collecting the tweets from the thread, a new tab will open with the chosen Language Model (LLM), processing the textual content to generate a summary.

### Webpages

To summarize the content of a webpage using the extension:

1. Visit the desired webpage and allow its content to fully load.
2. Click on the extension icon to open the popup.
3. The webpage popup will be displayed.
4. In the "Summary options:" section, click on the "Summarize Content" button.
5. Wait for a new tab to open, providing the data for your Language Model (LLM) to process and display the results.

Additionally, you can select text on a webpage, right-click on it, and choose the "Summarize selected content" option from the context menu to summarize specific text from the page.

## Limitations

The extension relies on web applications associated with related Language Models (LLMs) such as ChatGPT webpages. However, it is essential to note that if these web applications are inaccessible or down, the extension will not function properly. Also APIs of those LLMs cannot be used.

The extension is designed to extract textual data exclusively from sources that have been integrated into its support system. If a particular source is not supported, the extension's functionality will be limited to the textual data currently visible on the webpage screen.

In the case of ChatGPT, if the textual content exceeds the token limit, the extension will truncate the data into smaller chunks. Each chunk will then be fed to ChatGPT separately. However, it's important to note that this truncation process can lead to a reduction in the accuracy and consistency of the generated summaries.On the other hand, for Claude, the extension does not perform any data truncation. The entire textual content is processed without any chunking, ensuring that the accuracy and consistency of the summaries are maintained.

it's important to note that the generated summaries are based on models' understanding of the text and may not always capture the complete context or nuances. Therefore, it's recommended to use the summaries as a starting point for understanding the content and, if necessary, refer to the original sources for more comprehensive information.

## Support and Feedback

If you encounter any issues or have suggestions for improving the Extension Name, please feel free to reach out to us at [moh.elahii@gmail.com](mailto:moh.elahii@gmail.com). We appreciate your feedback and will strive to enhance the extension based on user needs.

## License

The Extension Name is released under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
